Move build section to a subpage of README to improve readability (#1138)
eth-cscs/DLA-Future: BUILD.md

# Building DLAF

## Build using Spack

Minimal installation:

```
spack install dla-future ^[virtuals=blas,lapack] intel-oneapi-mkl
```

Minimal installation with (optional) C API compatible with ScaLAPACK:

```
spack install dla-future +scalapack ^[virtuals=blas,lapack,scalapack] intel-oneapi-mkl
```

GPU support can be enabled with the following variants:

Variant | Dependent variant | Note
:---|:---|:---

> `+cuda` | `cuda_arch=<arch>` | enable CUDA GPU support and specify the GPU architecture
> `+rocm` | `amdgpu_target=<arch>` | enable AMD GPU support and specify the GPU architecture

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`+cuda` | `cuda_arch=<arch>` | Enable CUDA GPU support and specify the GPU architecture
`+rocm` | `amdgpu_target=<arch>` | Enable AMD GPU support and specify the GPU architecture
```
Nitpick: for consistency with the last one.

`+mpi-gpu-aware` | `+mpi-gpu-force-contiguous` | Enable GPU aware communication (recommended if supported by MPI), and force communication of contiguous GPU buffers (recommended)

You can examine all the available variants of the package using:

```
spack info dla-future
```

> You can go even further with a more detailed spec like this one, which builds `dla-future` in debug mode, using the clang compiler, specifying that the `pika` on which it depends has to be built

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can go even further with a more detailed [spec](https://spack.readthedocs.io/en/latest/basic_usage.html#sec-specs) like this one, which builds `dla-future` in debug mode, using the clang compiler, specifying that the `pika` on which it depends has to be built
```

# Building DLAF

> ## Build using Spack

Reviewer: I think this section would benefit with some links to the Spack documentation, so that someone that is completely new to Spack is already pointed in the right direction.

Author: Is it ok, with the link at the end of the section?

Reviewer: I added a suggestion for a link to the [specs & dependencies](https://spack.readthedocs.io/en/latest/basic_usage.html#specs-dependencies) section of the Spack documentation. Feel free to discard it, but I think this can be solved.

> Example installation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Minimal installation:
```

> `spack install dla-future ^[virtuals=blas,lapack] intel-oneapi-mkl`

Reviewer: From the formatting I think you want to use a code block (triple backticks) instead of inline code? Same thing for most of the standalone code below.

> or you can also build C API compatible with ScaLAPACK with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Minimal installation with (optional) C API compatible with ScaLAPACK:
```

`spack install dla-future +scalapack ^[virtuals=blas,lapack,scalapack] intel-oneapi-mkl`

> You can go even further with a more detailed spec like this one, which builds dla-future in debug mode, using the clang compiler, specifying that the pika on which it depends has to be built

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can go even further with a more detailed spec like this one, which builds `dla-future` in debug mode, using the clang compiler, specifying that the `pika` on which it depends has to be built
```

Author: This conflicts with a change suggested by @msimberg...

Reviewer 2: This change is also fine by me.

Author: Ok switched to Rocco's suggestion 0dc7403196bbb2a304b340f5bf850fdf3ebf821b

> in debug mode too, and that we want to use MPICH as MPI implementation, without fortran support (because clang does not support it).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in debug mode too, and that we want to use MPICH as MPI implementation, without Fortran support (because clang does not support it).
```

`spack install dla-future %clang build_type=Debug ^pika build_type=Debug ^mpich ~fortran`

> 

Reviewer 2: Do you think it makes sense to add a link to the spack docs (https://spack.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) and say "see spack docs for more information"?

Author: c2a5fb003f7b9ba5b34664dc090fffcd8a0794b1

### master branch

If you want to test the newest available version,

> you can use the spack package `dla-future` provided in the git repository, that can be easily added to your own spack as follows:

Reviewer 2: Should we note that `spack@master` can also be installed from the upstream spack package definition?

Reviewer 2: Fair point, let's keep it like this.

`git clone https://github.com/eth-cscs/DLA-Future.git`
`spack repo add $DLAF_ROOT/spack`

This will add a new repository with namespace `dlaf`.

> And install the master version with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then install the master version with:
```

`spack install dla-future@master <variants>`

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> ## Build the old good way

Author: I just moved it... 😉

### Dependencies

- MPI
- [pika](https://github.com/pika-org/pika)
- [umpire](https://github.com/LLNL/Umpire)
- [blaspp](https://bitbucket.org/icl/blaspp/src/default/)
- [lapackpp](https://bitbucket.org/icl/lapackpp/src/default/)
- Intel MKL or other LAPACK implementation
- A ScaLAPACK implementation (optional, ScaLAPACK-like C API only)
- [whip](https://github.com/eth-cscs/whip) (optional, GPU only)
- [cuda](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda) (optional, NVidia GPUs only)
- [HIP/ROCm](https://github.com/RadeonOpenCompute/ROCm) (optional, AMD GPUs only)
- [GoogleTest](https://github.com/google/googletest) (optional; bundled) - unit testing
- Doxygen (optional) - documentation

### Get DLA-Future

You can download the [releases](https://github.com/eth-cscs/DLA-Future/releases).

> Otherwise, if you have `git` you can clone this repository with the command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, if you have `git`, you can clone this repository with
```

```
git clone https://github.com/eth-cscs/DLA-Future.git
```

### Build and install
You can build all the dependencies by yourself, but you have to ensure that:

> - pika: `PIKA_WITH_CUDA=ON` (if building for CUDA) + `PIKA_WITH_MPI`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- pika: `PIKA_WITH_CUDA=ON` (if building for CUDA) + `PIKA_WITH_MPI=ON`
```

> And here the main CMake options for DLAF build customization:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The main CMake options for DLAF build customization are:
```
